('One&Only' music video filming is ended successfully!)
Go Won: Hi!
Go Won: The filming is just finished!
Go Won: It started at the morning but now it is morning again!
Go Won: I know a lot of people and staffs worked hard for me.
Go Won: So I want to say thank you!
Go Won: My outfits were so gorgeous and...
Go Won: The staffs dyed my hair in the middle of filming!
Go Won: It was very special expereince! Because it was my first time.
Go Won: And everything such as the film set and the lighting was interesting for me.
Go Won: The lighting was moving like 'drrrr'!!
Go Won: Also the meal was delicious.
Go Won: It was a lot of fun!
Go Won: Please give me support!
Go Won: Thank you!